Who are we ? 

 Diego Eis 
     Is a specialist in tableless, work like WebDesigner and is responsable by implementation of Atipico's sites.


Élcio 

Is a specialist in Tableless, work like WebDeveloper on Atipico, is responsable by the technology Blog <FechaTag>


About the Site 

 this site show to all interested, students or professionals that is possible an easy create a Tableless site accessible and 
compatible with the W3C specification


Having this on mind, that we created some examples in tableless of Big Business Sites.
We must be clear that we aren't  cloning or copying this sites here. We are just showing how they would be if was webstandarts.

What is tableless ? 

Tableless is nothing more that : A method of build site without tables use, using Css, XHTML or others HTML Verson,
 making the site under the W3C specification. 
In a Tableless Page you will use Xhtml ( highly recommendable ) or other HTML Version to the contend, 
leaving the Format of document to CSS file
 ( CAscading Style Sheets),
 separating then, the information from format of that, bringing a lot of advantages to the site, developer and client.

I so much important that you know that the tables isn't abolished from this method, you will just learn how use at correct way, or,
 if the site need to show tableds data, You need use tables. 

3 Motives to have it  tableless
           
           Exist several motives to do a site tableless, but here goes
           barely 3 basics motives.
           
           Accessibility: If you are using browsers of text or others
           devices to visit a site whose layout was done with tables,
           you will have a certain difficulty visualizing it.  To W3C
           it recommends  not to  use tables for layouts of sites. 
           You can confirm in this link: Tables for layout.   But, if
           the user accesses a tableless site   that uses CSS for the
           formatation, he will be able to visit the sites of
           cellular, WebTV' s, Palm Tops, etc.  
           
           Efficiency: Adopting the approach Tableless, you, that
           wrote the code of the site, will have a incredible facility
            of  bringing up to date the site, not the content alone,
           but also the formatation, In the  tableless sites  the
           INFORMATION is separate from the FORMATATION, consequently
           if  you would like to modify the content or the visual ,
           you will reduce the time of he seeks by the code.  

	Semantic:When you separe the FORMATATION from INFORMATION you organize your code,
	you dont use the FONT, CENTER, and others tags.
	Example:A lot of people, define the Page Title like this :

	<font size="5" face="Verdana">Título</font> 
	
	would be better  using this : <H1>Title</H1>

	MAking this your code, will be more semantic, or, a interpreter, a search engine, or a brownser to blinds will know that is a Title.